<!-- index.htm -->

The West Tennessee Science Fiction Convention


Registration: $35 at the door, $30 in advance.

Schedule of Events

Bios: Jeri Ryan | George Takei


The WTSF committee welcomes you to the annual West Tennessee Science Fiction Convention. The convention starts Thursday, October 13th at 8 p.m. with the Get-Together party in Jennings Hall at Union University. The fun doesn't stop until Saturday night, October 15th. Be sure to attend Friday's costume party and the "You Don't Know Jack: Star Trek Edition" trivia contest hosted by Dr. Terry Lindley.



Don't miss this once in a lifetime opportunity to meet the supporting cast of the greatest TV shows ever.


Guests of Honor: Jeri Ryan, Seven of Nine from Star Trek: Voyager and George Takei, Sulu from Star Trek.  

For more information, contact:
West Tennessee Science Fiction Convention
301 Walker Road
Jackson, TN  38305
(731) 661-5177
wtsfc@startrek.com
Fansite: fans.startrek.com 



<!-- registration.htm -->

To register for this year's convention, please print this page, fill it out, and send $30 to the address at the bottom of the page.


Name:

Address:

City, State Zip:

Phone:

Email:

Character You'll Be Dressed As:




<!-- schedule.htm -->
Weekend Line-up

Here's what you can expect in Jennings Hall:

    Thursday, Oct. 13
        2–5 p.m. - pre-con kickball game - We know your'e a nerd, but surely you can play kickball. - Great Lawn
        5–7 p.m. - registration - Let us know you've arrived! - First Floor Hallway
        5–7 p.m. - charity auction - Get nifty stuff. Aid a worthy cause. Where's the down side? - Hartley Recital Hall
        7–8 p.m. - art show - Look at cool pictures. Buy them. Hear from your favorite artist, or show your stuff to the world. - Band Room
        8–9 p.m. - get-together party - Join us to see who showed up and gawk at them. - Hartley Recital Hall 
    Friday, Oct. 14
        all day - anime room - Veg out on your favorite anime. - Music Practice Rooms
        all day - dealers' room - Be dazzled by the vast acreage of nifty stuff our dealers have on offer on over 120 tables. - Second Floor Hallway
        all day - gaming - Battle alien mecha, quest for lost cities, ally with the forces of the night, or re-fight historical battles. - TV Studio
        12-3 p.m. - "You Don't Know Jack: Star Trek Edition" trivia contest - Join Dr. Terry Lindley to challenge your knowledge of Starfleet's adventures. - Band Room
        3–6 p.m. - guests of lesser honor - Yak at your favorite authors, artists, or publishers, quiz them on their works, or just bask in the shining radiance of their presences. - Hartley Recital Hall
        7 p.m. - guest of honor - Join us to hear from Jeri Ryan. - Hartley Recital Hall
        8 p.m. - nerf phaser war - We'll take over the building and nerf it up. - Start on First Floor 
    Saturday, Oct. 15
        all day - anime room - Veg out on your favorite anime. - Music Practice Rooms
        all day - dealers' room - Be dazzled by the vast acreage of nifty stuff our dealers have on offer on over 120 tables. - Second Floor Hallway
        all day - gaming - Battle alien mecha, quest for lost cities, ally with the forces of the night, or re-fight historical battles. - TV Studio
        12–3 p.m. - guests of lesser honor - Yak at your favorite authors, artists, or publishers, quiz them on their works, or just bask in the shining radiance of their presences. - Hartley Recital Hall
        3–6 p.m. - panels - Author readings, autograph sessions, chats, and more. - Hartley Recital Hall
        7 p.m. - guest of honor - Join us to hear from George Takei. - Hartley Recital Hall
        8 p.m. - closing night cosplay party - Join us for a for an event you'll never forget. Strut your stuff in the cosplay contest or just creatively move the night away to the tunes of our favorite DJ, DJ Scenario. - Fourth Floor 


<!-- bios.htm -->

Jeri Ryan

Jeri Ryan as Seven of Nine 
Jeri Ryan portrays Seven of Nine, a human who was assimilated by the Borg. When Captain Janeway severs Seven of Nine's link to the Borg Collective, she is forced to remain on the U.S.S. Voyager and adapt to human society. Now, as a crew member of the U.S.S. Voyager, she must try to conform to Starfleet rules and regulations. "Seven of Nine is confused by the complexities of human interaction," Ryan explains. "Torn between her past as a Borg and her future as a human, Janeway plays an integral role in helping Seven of Nine adapt to her new reality." Ryan, a self-admitted Army brat, grew up near bases ranging from Germany to Hawaii. She was born in Munich, Germany and after re-locating to bases in Kansas, Maryland, Georgia and Texas, her family settled down in Paduch, Kentucky when she was 11. After graduating from Northwestern University in Chicago as a National Merit Scholar with a B.S. in theater, she came to Los Angeles. As a former series regular on NBC's Dark Skies, Ryan is no stranger to the world of science fiction. She portrayed Juliet, a mysterious government agent who helped in a secret program against hostile extraterrestrials. Prior to landing that role, she guest-starred on several television series including Matlock, Who's the Boss?, Murder, She Wrote, Reasonable Doubts and Diagnosis Murder.

George Takei

George Takei as Sulu
George Takei played Hikaru Sulu, the helm officer aboard the U.S.S. Enterprise on the original Star Trek series. Takei was born in the Boyle Heights district of Los Angeles. He and his family lived there until World War II when, after the attack on Pearl Harbor, they were relocated to a detention camp in Arkansas. From there, they were again moved to another camp at Tule Lake in Northern California. Takei went to college with thoughts of being an architect, but soon changed his major to Theater Arts. He graduated in 1960 with a Bachelor of Arts degree, his minor was Latin American Studies. Takei made his acting debut in a "Playhouse 90" production when he was attending UCLA. While he was taking classes, Takei also trained at the Desilu Workshop. After a biking trip across Europe, George returned to California and began guest starring on series such as Perry Mason, Mr. Novak, Hawaiian Eye, I, Spy, It Takes a Thief and My Three Sons. Takei appearred in one Twilight Zone episode ("The Encounter"). It was aired once, but due to its controversial content regarding a Japanese traitor in WW II, it has never been shown again.